Add man page for condor_token_*. #7361 (#83)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/man-pages/condor_token_list.rst

*condor_token_list*
======================

list all available tokens for TOKEN auth
:index:`condor_token_list<single: condor_token_list; HTCondor commands>`\ :index:`condor_token_list command`

Synopsis
--------

**condor_token_list**

> **condor_token_create** **-help**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**condor_token_list** **-help**
```

Description
-----------

*condor_token_list* parses the tokens available to the current user and
prints them to ``stdout``.

The tokens are stored in files in the directory referenced by
*SEC_TOKEN_DIRECTORY*; multiple tokens may be saved in each file (one per
line).

> The output format is simply a dump of the JSON Web Token contents, one per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output format is a list of the deserialized contents of each token, along with the file name containing the token, one per
```
